# Hello World Reflection Blog Post
------

### My "Hello World" Piece

The initial audience of my piece was myself.  The picture I chose to use as the background is one of my favorite pictures taken on my family's sailing trip to St. Martin.  It brings back special memories of relaxing on the boat and exploring new beautiful places with my beloved family.  I wanted to add a more playful element to this calm image to emphasize the care-free atmosphere the viewer should feel.  In expanding the audience of my piece, I think it would speak to anyone who needs a break from a possibly stressful reality.  I find the fish swimming softly in the water and the consistency of the shark and sun movement to be very peaceful and easy on the mind.  This piece can serve as a mental or emotional escape from our fast-paced work environment.  There will always be sharks in the water; you just have to remember the bigger and brighter picture in life.
I chose to add an orange sun as a pop of bright energy and happiness into the scene.  For the shark fins and the fish, I chose to use softer colors so that they would blend into the image while still providing an element of motion and activity.  Although the fish are not translating across the screen, their circular movement almost alludes to gentle waves flowing across the screen.  The colors are all meant to tie back into the "positive vibes only" nature of the piece.
In my room at school, I have a long bookshelf housing 8-10 images from sailing trips that I have been on with my family.  I like to think of my room as my safe and quiet space, and I credit this atmosphere to the soft blues in the images and the wonderful memories they bring about for me.  I hoped to recreate that in the piece I have been working on, and I hope that viewers can also relate to this peacefulness.


### Thoughts on the Process of Other Artists

To many artists, until becoming comfortable in your own skin, creating art can be an anxiety-inducing thought.  Because art is such an abstract concept, there is lots of room for exploration and no true concept of a "finished" piece.  Artwork is deemed complete when the artist has come to accept its beauty in its current state, but reaching this sense of satisfaction can be a difficult step for some.  From watching videos and interviews with both older and more contemporary artists, a common theme I have noticed is that pieces do not always turn out as they were planned.  An artist will have an idea or a spark of inspiration that often changes during the execution process.  Or in some cases, the initial message is not necessarily reflected in the final piece.  Because art can be so open to personal interpretation, many artists have accepted that their pieces do not have an exact meaning.  To me, that is part of the magic of viewing and creating art; it brings about a different experience for everyone.  I think artists have an appreciation for this concept as well, and while they may broadcast their own thoughts about the meaning of their work, there are still infinite feelings art can evoke among viewers.
In my own piece, I am aware of the emotions and message brought about within my mind.  However, I know that each viewer will not share the same memories as me and am very grateful for the experiences I have had sailing with my family.  I still hope that there is some sense of relaxation provoked among the viewers.  I think there is an obvious calming and playful aspect which can be understood universally.  Throughout building my project, I certainly deviated from my initial plan.  At first, I wanted to animate almost every element in the picture, leaving only the water and sky real.  As I was learning how to take advantage of p5.js, I decided that adding motion and artificial elements would be more interesting.  There is a beauty and sense of safety provoked by the resting sailboats in the background that I am glad was able to be preserved.
